Create --bug-report.md (#370)
publiclab/infragram: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/--bug-report.md

---
name: "\U0001F41B Bug report"
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!-- 
Please fill out as much of the below template as you can.
Consider providing any applicable: code, screenshots, or gifs.
-->

### Please describe the problem (or idea)

> What happened just before the problem occurred? Or what problem could this idea solve?

> What did you expect to see that you didn't?

### Please show us where to look

https://publiclab.org/ ...

### What's your PublicLab.org username?

> This can help us diagnose the issue: 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Browser, version, and operating system

> Many bugs are related to these -- please help us track it down and reproduce what you're seeing!

****

## Thank you!

> Your help makes Public Lab better! We *deeply* appreciate your helping refine and improve this site. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your help makes Infragram better! We *deeply* appreciate your helping refine and improve this site. 
```
